# Cordic-Processor
Cordic-Processor

Cordic-Processor is a repository for processor.

CORDIC stands for COordinate Rotation Digital Computer also known as Volder's algorithm which is used to calculate hyperbolic and trigonometric functions easily and efficient manner. 

We did this project as Minor Project during our VI semester. The project is written in Verilog HDL and implemented in Xilinx Spartan 3E Starter Board. 

This project has input as ps/2 keyboard and a rotor. Keyboard is interfaced in ps/2 port of the FPGA board and rotor is used which is located on board. This project interfaces VGA monitor to show the output of CORDIC-processor.

The description of the each file is given below:

top_module_all.v : This is the main file which incorporates every submodules. At first the welcome message is printed and it askes user to give input from either rotro or keyboard. After receiving input it will display result in monitor. This module is connected to KEYBOARD (top_keyboard.v), ROTOR(rotary_encoder), VGA(top_vga.v) and CORDIC(Cordic_Handler.v).

top_keyboard.v : It is the main module for keyboard operation. It gets the input from keyboard and converts the input into hexadecimal format. It is connected with keyboard(ps2_rx.v) and GETHEX(BCD_to_HEX.v) modules. 'keyboard' module is interface to ps2 keyboard and GETHEX converts the input values binary coded decimal to hexadecimal format.

rotary_encoder.v : This file is interface to rotor on board. The value generated by rotor will change according to its rotation. This module is connected to PRESS_ROTATE(push_button_test1.v) and HEX_CONV_BCD(hex_to_BCD.v).

Cordic_Handler.v: This is top interface file which handles the computation of CORDIC algorithm. It is connected to FIND32_bit(boothmul.v), CORDIC(kordic.v), GETBCD_X(C_HEX_TO_BCD.v), GETBCD_Y(C_HEX_TO_BCD.v). It converts the output into binary coded decimal which are sent to monitor for printing.

kordicc.v: This is main implementation of CORDIC algorithm.

top_vga.v: This is top module for VGA. It is connected to SYNC(sync_module.v), WELCOME(welcome_text.v), PROCESS(process_text.v).

sync_module.v: It is the VGA controller unit.

welcome_text.v: This file contains text information to print "WELCOME" "MINOR PROJECT" and names of project members.

process_text.v: This file contains the text information what to print on the VGA display. It is connected to font_unit(Font_ROM.v) which stores the information of bit value of each character.



